And the next section are going to be building is going to be on this top notch.
And so you can see on the bigger screen this is all that's going on this right.
We're going to have this button that's actually going to make sure that our side of actually disappears.
Right.
However if I got on the small screen right.
This is how it's going to look over here.
Right.
So this is all this what we're going to achieve with the flex box.
And this is going to be delayed.
Right.
So for now it's created over here.
And let's give it a style.
So here what I'm going to do is I'm going to go back to my next session in a row and once my novel is
finished.
Right now outside.
Now what I'm going to create is going to be made.
So this is going to be my main section right.
And within the main section the first thing that I'm going to create is going to be another knife.
However this is going to be a naff top.
So this is going to be the novel with a class of Naphtali.
And once we have it here the first thing that I'm going to say is this is going to be Divx with now
of VTM.
So now Martin I know here will actually do the same thing right.
We're going to use the same bars because we don't need to do this twice.
If we can actually skip this right so we're going to copy paste this and we're going to we're going
to have the same thing.
All right.
Then after that we have created one here now.
And now button.
Right.
What we would want to do is create these two chevrons.
So what I'm going to say we're moving along right now button is done.
But over here we're going to write that this is going to be a div right and that there is going to be
Chevron ikons Chevron should run icons on your price tab.
And now we're going to place a again a link and within the link We're going to play sexually as planned
and then we're going to have a chevron ikons.
So I'm going to start over here with the wink and this is going to be a link.
I know we're going to say this is going to be a pattern here and within the span we're going to have
actually I.
Hey.
And this is going to be chevron on the left or right price tab on here.
I can see that we have our icon right.
So what I'm going to select or reduce link copy and paste this I know he'll get to read Chevron right
here like this Chevron right.
Right.
So now you can see we have two of them all right.
Then once we are done with the Chevron icons.
Right.
And if this was the button this is going to be Chevron guns then we actually have a form.
So I'm going to write for him more here who have no auction.
And so the form is going to be it's going to have no post or get action here we're going to write in
put and or here we're going to site type search in this place holder.
We're going to say this is going to be search here.
So going right over here this is going to be search and we're going to right here now once we're done
with this placeholder.
Right.
Maybe in 90.
So let's say here that this is going to be I.D. and the idea is going to be search.
So right.
Or your search now.
Once we're done with this and put the next one that we would want a link.
So going around on link and this is going to be hash tag link.
So basically it's going to be a dummy link then.
Here again we're going to have a plan.
And within the span we're going to actually have a high F and s.
And again this is going to be FAA search phase search like this.
Right.
First time now you can see we have input and we have are just like line after the form right after we'd
done with one moving along what we would want is actually an image.
So I'm going to say I m g on this.
And within a day we're going to have image and the source for the image is going to be high energy and
I.D. And so this is going to be.
Then after that we're going to find this is going to be image and this animal just go right over here.
This is going to be his name and the name is going to be John Doe.
So going right here.
Three.
And this is going to be John let's say John Doe John Doe.
And then once we close the they will rewrite what we would want is actually the last thing is going
to be signed out.
So we're going to we're going to create a dummy link hash tag over here.
And this is going to have a class that's going to say a class and the class is going to be signed out
and over here again we're going to create a Ispahan span or here within the span we're going to have
a sign out.
So I'm going to say Fay as if he were here sign out and we're going to see alternative press over here.
And then once we have it over here once the span is done right with him then or here will say look out.
And then press tab and now we're ready to go ahead and actually start styling this.
All right.
So we can say this and we're going into here we're going to say this is going to be the main thing and
the main says let's create some comments here.
Top have again some more hashtags over here and we're going to say we're here is going to create way
more space here.
So can a writer like this and then we're going to say now I have to hope this and the way you would
want to have top to be right.
We would want it to be 107 pixels.
Right.
Now let me show you where I'm getting this hundreds and pixels.
All right.
We're going to go back over here.
You can see that.
You see is more in line.
All right with that we haven't created yet but I want it to match exactly how it is over here.
Right.
So they should be equal.
So I didn't want it lower I didn't want high I wanted them too much or hear it like this perfectly.
Now since we have our main CSSA right you see or hear does box sizing border box right.
So what it means is as I add the border the border is not going to be lower.
Right.
In fact the actual element this is going to get smaller.
But the but if I'm saying 1 7.
So the actual element is going to be one and so on.
And the border is going to move up.
Now where I'm getting one of seven we're going to go here and if we press let's say inspect and if we're
going to go here right.
You see that on my side and right on my logo container right.
It's kind of hard to see right.
But if I'm actually scrolling over I actually said that the logo containers actually 1 0 7.
And so that's where I'm getting the 107 pixels right.
And maybe if I tried to zoom in right or you know what it's not working anyway.
So basically it is one on someone because I looked at what our dimensions are here for this container.
Right.
So let me close this one maybe to zoom out more or you know what let's find 100 is fine.
So I'm going to go back over here and we're going to have in the top and we're going to say that this
is going to be height of one on seven pixels.
Then we're going to say this play is going to read the way say this black box right.
So now I can see that we have one big line.
All right then we're going to say flex and we're going to say flex wrap.
So basically as the screen gets more this should be wrapping.
They should be getting to the new line.
Then we're here we're going to say justify or here content.
Going to say space around this.
Right.
And then we'll say this border.
The one that I was telling you about more bottom and we're going to have five pixels solid and I'm going
to will use this orange color.
So I have 1 5 0 2 5 this right then next one would want to say all here now I've between reading this
and I would want to say more more here we're here and we would want three pixels three pixels solid
and we're going to say hash tag 2 7 2 7 2 7.
Right now we created it over here just now.
Now what I would want to do is have a cursor.
We're going to say pointer.
And so as I'm hovering in there's going to be pointer.
However I would want to have in display none on the small screen.
Right.
Only as a as you can see only as I'm getting to the big screen right to have the button on a small and
I don't I make this more bigger.
Now I have it right.
So by default there right away I wanted to have this play and going to say none right.
So obviously once we're going to be working with our responsiveness with the media queries right then
we're going to actually set to display block right there once we were done with this.
What we would want is Chevron ikons icons we're here and we're going to say and what we would want is
font size and we're going to say 30 pixels here and will have a margin 10 pixels all around like this.
Then the next one we're going to say the knife image.
I think I would want to have a picture and the text side by side.
So I'm going to say Now have I am g when I hear this play I'm going to say flux right now I can see
that they're both side by side.
Now let's actually start working with the actual image.
We're going to say we're here like this.
Now I have.
And to top it now top this was the class for an hour and now I'm working with an image and I'm going
to say with 35 pixels like this that I'm going to have a height of 35 pixels more here then we're going
to say a border we're going to say radios and arrays is going to be 50 percent.
Right so this is going to be around margin right.
We're going to say that this is going to be 10 pixels like this and a line cell phone going to say Center.
All right so I'm going to say on line.
So if you're going to say Center on this right now.
Once we're done with this let's go ahead and let's work over here with this heading three.
So what I'm going to say here is that we would want a head of I Am G and we're going to say adding three
and this whole line self We're going to we're going to say they're doing this and then we'll have a
caller.
And this is going to be a hash tag.
And the hash tag is going to be to 6:53.
So it to 6:53 this and then we'll have a font size of 25 font size 25 pixels on it like this.
Now once we're actually done with this now the next one would want to work with a input right.
So let's go back over here and let's add a now top and we're going to send that up a.
Right.
So after we have worked with an image and having three we're going to say we now have top down.
We're going to say we're here.
And we're going to say color and the color is going to be hash tag 1 5 0 2 5 right.
So all the links over here are going to be like this.
Right.
Then after that would we would want is a nav input.
So we're going to say now have top up and we're going to say in part on this we're going to say font
size and we're going to say 16 pixels like this then we're going to have a border and the border is
going to be two pixels solid solid and I'm going to say hash tag a one a two and a one on this one.
So this is going to be more and then will have a padding of five pixels like this.
Now once we are done with this or here what I would want to do is actually work with a placeholder.
And so with this text inside or here right.
What I'm going to say or here is I'm going to say that this is going to be here to help an input placeholder.
And this is going to be actually color and the color is going to be hash tag one a to one red.
So this is going to be called The last thing I would want for the sign out.
All right.
I would want to have a text so I'm going to say sign out and we're all going to say we're here and this
is going to be font size let's say 25 pixels right.
Now before we add responsiveness there's actually a few things that I would need to fix or here.
Right.
And the first one is that actually I forgot or here to add a line item center.
It's on the same line items center.
And this then more here we're going to say space around not in between.
All right so this is going to look like this.
Then the next thing that we're going to say is we're here this log out you see it and I wrote it as
it tags.
And what we would want to hear words is going right and this is going to be a log out here and then
let's go back over here.
And if we have a sign out then we're going to write that sign.
I don't know we're here let's say that we will be targeting our text.
Right.
So we're going to say this is going to be text decoration.
All right.
We're going to say none.
And then we're going to say a text transform text transform and we're going to say all here uppercase.
All right.
So here now we have a this big log out here.
Right.
And if we really want right we can have the whole sign out.
Let's say that you are going to have a panning right.
I'm going to say parding left and you know what lots of padding right padding right.
And we're going to let's say like 20 pixels like this right.
And you know what let's just do 10 pixels or 20 pixels all around right and 20 pixels might be zero
bottom and or here 20 like this right.
So as I'm going to use right we have a little bit of padding.
All right but if I go to the bigger one right you can see that everything is going to be work.
Now once we're done with this now we need to care about is how they're going to be displayed regarding
the body.
Right.
So here if we're looking at our body when you're doing this once we go back to the next page The now
I think we need to understand a few things right.
So if we're looking at the actual body right how many children does it has so far.
Right.
It has a Nav. here and it is going to have a main.
So these are the two children that they have.
So now what we want to focus on is how this is going to be displayed.
Right.
Because we know that once there is going to be small screen it's going to be displayed one way and then
once we move to the bigger screen and you can see how everything is changing right at the top now becomes
the side now.
So how do we do that.
So we're going to go back over here and I'm going to say with a major assess what we would want is we're
going to create some rules.
All right.
So first of all going to say we're here like this.
Right we're going to write and this is going to be responsive responsive or here then we're going to
write for the whole body.
Right.
We would always want a min height to be 100.
You heartsore I think always the body should be minimum hundred units right all the time.
As we're watching this all we should take this whole space and then we're going to save this plan we're
going to say flex.
Right.
But now you see that we have flex road direction.
That's not what we want.
Right.
Well we would want is flex direction are going to say call them.
So now it's back to how it was right then or here would do us.
We're going to say for the main event which was the second child right there was one nap and then was
another main.
Right.
We're all going to say here that let's say just so we can see we're going to say his background red.
So we can see if this is going to be the name.
Now what we're going to do here is we're going to say for the main since it is a child we're going to
say flex one.
Right.
So now I can see that it grows much as it can to actually hundred view.
Shrink do not shrink and auto or hair.
Right now it can get rid of this red.
And because we already have the background for the whole thing.
Right.
I just wanted to see and I just wanted to show you how it actually works.
All right.
And you know what maybe the last thing here with this text maybe let's add a text transform to capitalize.
So we're going to go back again to Mansi assess we're going to look at where it's heading three and
we're all just going all right and this is going to be text.
We're going to say transform.
We're going to capitalize on it here right.
So now let's go ahead and let's create the rules of when we're actually changing the screen size right.
So let's add this kind of effect.
Right.
And as we go to the bigger screen everything changes or here.